Feature: Deprecate Racktables (#341)
openSUSE/orthos2: docs/adminguide/server_configuration.rst

Server Configuration
********************

settings.py
###########

> The list of settings below can be modified at runtime on the host that hosts the application. For the settings to take
> effect, a restart of both Orthos 2 and the Orthos 2 Taskmanager are required.
> 
> All defaults are set inside the ``settings.py`` file that is contained in the Python package. To override them please
> use the file ``/etc/orthos2/settings``. The settings files are following the Python 3 syntax.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The settings listed below can be modified at runtime on the host that hosts the application.
For the settings to take effect, a restart of both Orthos 2 and the Orthos 2 Taskmanager is required.

All defaults are set inside the ``settings.py`` file which is contained in the Python package.
To override them please use the file ``/etc/orthos2/settings``. The settings files follow the Python 3 syntax.
```
